[Docs][Connector-V2] Improve BigQuery Firestore and GraphQL docs (#11350)
apache/seatunnel: docs/en/connectors/sink/GoogleFirestore.md

- [ ] [stream](../../introduction/concepts/connector-v2-features.md)
- [ ] [support multiple table write](../../introduction/concepts/connector-v2-features.md)

## Supported DataSource Info

In order to use the GoogleFirestore connector, the following dependency is required.
It can be downloaded via install-plugin.sh or from Maven central repository.

| Datasource      | Supported Versions | Dependency |
|-----------------|--------------------|------------|

> | GoogleFirestore | universal          | [Download](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.apache.seatunnel/connector-google-firestore) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported DataSource Info

In order to use the GoogleFirestore connector, the following dependency is required.
It can be downloaded via install-plugin.sh or from Maven central repository.

| Datasource      | Dependency |
|-----------------|------------|
| GoogleFirestore | [Download](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.apache.seatunnel/connector-google-firestore) |
```
